added new exercise: camicia (#2581)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/camicia/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise, you will simulate the classic card game **Beggar-my-neighbour** (*Camicia*).
Your program will receive the initial configuration of two players’ decks and must simulate the game until it ends (or detect if it never does).

## Rules

> * The deck is split between **two players**. Each player’s cards are represented as a string (top of the deck = leftmost character).

Reviewer: (This is part of the Exercism style guide for Markdown: one sentence per line)

* Players take turns placing the **top card** of their deck onto a central pile.

> * If the card is a **number card** (`-` in this scenario), play simply passes to the other player.

Reviewer: I agree with this. Even though numbers are all becoming `-`, it should be numbers in input.

> * If the card is a **payment card**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the card is a **payment card**, a price needs to be paid:
```

  * `J` → opponent must pay 1 card
  * `Q` → opponent must pay 2 cards
  * `K` → opponent must pay 3 cards
  * `A` → opponent must pay 4 cards

> * While paying, if the opponent reveals another payment card, the penalty immediately switches back.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* While playing, if the opponent reveals another payment card, the penalty immediately switches back.
```

While _playing_, not _paying_...

> * While paying, if the opponent reveals another payment card, the penalty immediately switches back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While paying, if the opponent reveals another payment card, the price to be paid immediately switches back to the original player.
```

Reviewer 3: Note, the play paying a price can switch multiple times. It doesn't always switch to the "original" player.
```suggestion
* If the player paying a penalty reveals another payment card, that player stops paying the penalty and the other player much then pay the penalty.
```

> * If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck. That player also starts the next round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the penalty is fully paid, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck. 
This is called a **trick**.
That player also starts the next round.
```

If there is an interruption, according to the test data, this rule still applies. Am I wrong?

Reviewer 3: This implies a trick only occurs after a payment, which is not the case.
A trick is when one player collects cards from the middle pile. This can also occur when the other player runs out of cards.
When a payment is completed by a player without revealing and payment cards, the _other_ player collects the middle pile, adds it to their hand and then resumes the game by placing a card on the (now empty) middle pile.

Reviewer: Ah. In that case I think `trick` should be clearly defined as a rule (concept) @FraSanga !

I have not looked at the changes, but given your https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/pull/2581#issuecomment-3239951023, this may been tackled already.

Author: We also need to double-check the definitions. Good thing you reminded me. I'll add it to the list.

* The game ends when one player has no more cards.

## Example

Here’s a simple example of input and output.

```json
"input": {
  "playerA": "--------------------------",
  "playerB": "----------AAAAKKKKQQQQJJJJ"
},
"output": {
  "status": "finished",
  "cards": 40,
  "tricks": 4
}
```

> ### Explanation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Explanation
```

> * Player A only has number cards (`-`), so can never defend against a payment card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Player A only has number cards, so can never defend against a payment card.
```

> * Player B has a long sequence of Aces, Kings, Queens, and Jacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Player B has a long sequence of payment cards: Aces, Kings, Queens, and Jacks.
```

> * Each court card forces penalties, which Player A cannot counterattack, so Player B repeatedly wins the pile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each payment card forces a payment, which Player A cannot counter with a payment card of their own, so Player B repeatedly wins the pile (repeatedly completes a trick).
```

> * In the end, player B captures his opponent's entire deck by playing 40 cards in just 4 "tricks" (turns in which a deck is collected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the end, player B captures their opponent's entire deck by playing 40 cards in just 4 "tricks" (turns in which a deck is collected).
```

## Your Task

* Parse the two players’ decks from the input.
* Simulate the game following the rules above.

> * Return the result as an object with:

Reviewer 2: > What do you think if I just take it all off?

"We determine if the final game status is finished or if it never ends."  Or something similar.  I would not even suggest strings, as some languages do not do this.  We are giving instructions in a way that does not rely on more than indicating a result.  The tests are meant to be read (for practice exercises) and show the technical aspect of what is required, the instructions can be less than that.

>    * `"status"`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"status"`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
```

>    * `"cards"`: total number of cards played throughout the game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"cards"`: total number of cards played throughout the game
```

>    * `"tricks"`: number of times the central pile was collected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"tricks"`: number of times the central pile was collected
```

  - `A` → opponent must pay 4 cards
- If the player paying a penalty reveals another payment card, that player stops paying the penalty.
  The other player must then pay a penalty based on the new payment card.
- If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
  That player then starts the next round _only_ if the opponent still has cards in their deck.
- The moment when the winner of the round collects the cards from the central pile is called a **trick**.
- A **trick** can occur in two ways:
  - When a player finishes paying their penalty, whether or not they run out of cards in the process
  - When a player cannot respond to a number card with another number card because their deck has been emptied.
- The game **ends** when one player runs out of cards while paying a penalty in full or in part, or when they cannot respond to a number card due to empty deck.
- The game **enters a loop** as soon as decks identical to previous ones are played during the game, **not** counting number cards!

## Examples

A small example of a match that ends.

> 
> ```text
> Player A: "2A78Q10"
> Player B: "3456K9J"
> Pile: 2 → 3 → A → 4 → 5 → 6 → K → 7 → 8 → Q → 9 → J → 10
> (status: "finished", cards: 13, tricks: 1)
> ```

Reviewer 3: Is this easier to understand as a table?

```suggestion
| Round   | Player A     | Player B      | Pile                       | Penalty Due |
| :------ | :----------- | :------------ | :------------------------- | :---------- |
| 1       | 2 A 7 8 Q 10 | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J |                            | -           |
| 1       | A 7 8 Q 10   | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J | 2                          | -           |
| 1       | A 7 8 Q 10   | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3                        | -           |
| 1       | 7 8 Q 10     | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3 A                      | Player B: 4 |
| 1       | 7 8 Q 10     | 5 6 K 9 J     | 2 3 A 4                    | Player B: 3 |
| 1       | 7 8 Q 10     | 6 K 9 J       | 2 3 A 4 5                  | Player B: 2 |
| 1       | 7 8 Q 10     | K 9 J         | 2 3 A 4 5 6                | Player B: 1 |
| 1       | 7 8 Q 10     | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K              | Player A: 3 |
| 1       | 8 Q 10       | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7            | Player A: 2 |
| 1       | Q 10         | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8          | Player A: 1 |
| 1       | 10           | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q        | Player B: 2 |
| 1       | 10           | J             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9      | Player B: 1 |
| 1       | 10           | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J    | Player A: 1 |
| 1       | -            | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J 10 | -           |

status: "finished", cards: 13, tricks: 1)
```

Reviewer 3: If you think this is easier to read, I can do the other example as a table, too.

Author: The only thing is that the instructions shouldn't be too long.
If there's no limit, that's great.
I love ASCII masterpieces.

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't worry too much about the line length introduced by a table. A visual element doesn't make the instructions harder to understand.

Author: <img width="899" height="663" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-04 001611" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/91f383f0-2350-45af-a1ef-c49aa48c9e62" />

I liked it much better without formatting, AHAHA.
Is it normal for the columns to be so spaced out?

Author: <img width="790" height="810" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-04 002119" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6baad312-8711-431d-8bd7-ad2987cd7fbd" />

This is how it looks inside a code block on the full-screen website.

Author: <img width="639" height="397" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-04 002455" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef5e9723-5cc6-4caf-a724-cfc3a2310061" />

This is how you see only the text, but I don't think it's formatted.
I don't know how to check.

Author: > status: "finished" cards: 13, tricks: 1

There's a comma missing, add it and I'll make the changes.

Reviewer 3: Comma added

This is a small example of a match that loops.

> ```text
> Player A: "J23"
> Player B: "4J5"
> Pile: J → 4
> (cards: 2, tricks: 1)
> 
> Player A: "23J4"
> Player B: "J5"
> Pile: 2 → J → 3
> (cards: 5, tricks: 2)
> 
> Player A: "J4"
> Player B: "52J3"
> Pile: 5 → J → 2
> (cards: 8, tricks: 3)
> 
> Player A: "45J2"
> Player B: "J3"
> Payment card configuration already viewed!
> (status: "loop", cards: 8, tricks: 3)
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Round   | Player A     | Player B      | Pile                       | Penalty Due |
| :------ | :----------- | :------------ | :------------------------- | :---------- |
| 1       | J 2 3        | 4 J 5         | -                          | -           |
| 1       | 2 3          | 4 J 5         | J                          | Player B: 1 |
| 1       | 2 3          | J 5           | J 4                        | -           |
| 2       | 2 3 J 4      | J 5           | -                          | -           |
| 2       | 3 J 4        | J 5           | 2                          | -           |
| 2       | 3 J 4        | 5             | 2 J                        | Player A: 1 |
| 2       | J 4          | 5             | 2 J 3                      | -           |
| 3       | J 4          | 5 2 J 3       | -                          | -           |
| 3       | J 4          | 2 J 3         | 5                          | -           |
| 3       | 4            | 2 J 3         | 5 J                        | Player B: 1 |
| 3       | 4            | J 3           | 5 J 2                      | -           |
| 4       | 4 5 J 2      | J 3           | -                          | -           |

The start of round 4 matches the start of round 2.

status: "loop", cards: 8, tricks: 3
```

Reviewer: | Round | Player A     | Player B      | Pile                       | Penalty Due |
| :---- | :----------- | :------------ | :------------------------- | :---------- |
| 1     | 2 A 7 8 Q 10 | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J |                            | -           |
| 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J | 2                          | -           |
| 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3                        | -           |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3 A                      | Player B: 4 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 5 6 K 9 J     | 2 3 A 4                    | Player B: 3 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 6 K 9 J       | 2 3 A 4 5                  | Player B: 2 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | K 9 J         | 2 3 A 4 5 6                | Player B: 1 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K              | Player A: 3 |
| 1     | 8 Q 10       | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7            | Player A: 2 |
| 1     | Q 10         | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8          | Player A: 1 |
| 1     | 10           | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q        | Player B: 2 |
| 1     | 10           | J             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9      | Player B: 1 |
| 1     | 10           | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J    | Player A: 1 |
| 1     | -            | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J 10 | -           |

beautiful

# Instructions

In this exercise, you will simulate a game very similar to the classic card game **Camicia**.
Your program will receive the initial configuration of two players' decks and must simulate the game until it ends (or detect that it will never end).

## Rules

- The deck is split between **two players**.
  Each player's cards are represented as a string where the leftmost character is the top of the deck.

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer 3: Is this line still needed?

Author: If you are referring to players who have to play a card, it must remain so

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer 3: If only one player has cards at the start of the round and that player begins the round, the round is sorta one sided as only one player plays cards. If it's a penalty card, the game ends before the first player's turn is resolved. If it's a number card, the second player's turn is a no-op.

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer: Both cases are listed below as a trick (either at the start of their turn or when paying a penalty)

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Author: Wait guys, I don't know if this is clear to you. A turn means turning over at least one card. The start of a round (trick) never occurs with one of the two players without cards. That is why tricks are never zero. 
  
 > When a player runs out of cards, either at the start of their turn or while paying a penalty.

By the beginning of the turn I mean that stage of the round (trick) in which a payment card has not yet been played. 
Maybe “round” fits better here.

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer 3: Does a new round start only when the middle pile is picked up?
Or, if both players put down number cards, is that one round? Or two rounds?

If the deck is "12", "3", what are the rounds? The way I understand it, there are two rounds. Round 1: players play 1, 3. Round 2: player A plays 2. When the second round starts, only one player has cards.

Do we need to define terms more clearly?

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer 3: The instructions say,

> A round consists of both players taking a turn.

That is, two turns is one round. Four turns (if, say, they are all numbers) is two rounds.

> the round (trick) is only one

A trick increments when the middle pile is collected. A round increments after both players had a turn.

Or is the defintion of round in the instructions incorrect?

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Author: Surely my poor level of English is to blame. 
The round consists of the players turning over at least one card each and ends with the act of trickery, i.e. one of them picking up the stack. 
At the end of the day, round = trick. 
 
I propose adding a **at least** one card turn. 
 
Can you change it?

> - A round consists of both players taking a turn.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

How's this sound? Drop the definition of "round" here and see below.

> - Players take a turn by placing the **top card** of their deck onto a central pile.

Author: We can drop this line if we implement this thing!
At the moment, the game ends even if you pay a penalty perfectly.
We need to see if doing so increases the coverage of the tests reported on the site or not.
The last time I checked, this wasn't the problem.
Maybe I checked wrong, and then you can blame me for everything, haha.

This is what I was trying to tell you the other day.

- If the card is a **number card** (2-10), play simply passes to the other player.
- If the card is a **payment card**, a penalty must be paid:
  - `J` → opponent must pay 1 card
  - `Q` → opponent must pay 2 cards
  - `K` → opponent must pay 3 cards
  - `A` → opponent must pay 4 cards
- If the player paying a penalty reveals another payment card, that player stops paying the penalty.
  The other player must then pay a penalty based on the new payment card.
- If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
  That player then starts the next round.
- The moment when the winner of the round collects the cards from the central pile is called a **trick**.
- A **trick** can occur in two ways:
  - When a player finishes paying their penalty.

>   - When a player runs out of cards, either at the start of their round or while paying a penalty.

Author: Yes.
I would say we can change it to:

When a player runs out of cards, after the start of the round
or 
When a player runs out of cards, after both players have played a turn.

>   - When a player runs out of cards, either at the start of their round or while paying a penalty.

Author: too

>   - When a player runs out of cards, either at the start of their round or while paying a penalty.

Author: I'll do it

> - If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
>   That player then starts the next round.
> - The moment when the winner of the round collects the cards from the central pile is called a **trick**.
> - A **trick** can occur in two ways:
>   - When a player finishes paying their penalty.
>   - When a player runs out of cards, either at the start of their turn or while paying a penalty.
> - The game **ends** when one player can no longer play a card.
>   This can occur at the start of a turn or while paying a penalty.

Reviewer 3: How's this sound? We can drop line 10.

```suggestion
- If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
  That player then starts the next round.
- If a player has no cards at the start of their round, the other player collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
  The game **ends** when this happens.
- The moment when a player collects the cards from the central pile (in either of the two scenarios above) is called a **trick** and ends the current round.
```

Author: I think you just need to change “turn” to “round” in lines 25 and 27

Reviewer 3: I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting. My latest understanding is that a round consists of playing taking multiple alternating turns. Players can start a turn without any cards any time during a round, and not just at the start of the round. 

Feel free to update the PR with your suggestion and/or write it out in a comment.

Author: Yes, because:

In the first case, one more card is played, while in the other two cases, no.

Again, according to the current implementation.

Reviewer 3: That should be made explicit.

> If a player completes the penalty but runs out of cards, the other player collects the middle pile and the game ends.
> If a player plays a number card on their turn and runs out of cards doing so, the game does not end until the other player takes their turn.

Or we could modify the rules so the end game is simpler. That might be nice. This nuance is confusing and I don't think it adds value to the exercise.

Author: > https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/pull/2581/commits/96faee989bc0b101930b16ae17d584cdf857c633

See if that makes it clearer.
I would prefer not to change the rules further if possible.
If you want to make changes by paraphrasing, they are welcome :)

Reviewer 3: Is there any particular reason you want to keep the rules as is (which multiple people found somewhat confusing) vs making them simpler?

Reviewer 3: It should be easy enough to use our implementations to run all the test cases and output the results we get.

>   This can occur at the start of a round or while paying a penalty.

Author: Now that I think about it, this varies depending on the situation:

A player loses when:

- They fail to respond to a numbered card. Like in "33" and "22"
- They run out of cards while paying a penalty.
- They run out of cards as soon as they pay the penalty in full.

In my opinion, we could write something like:

"This can occur when a player is paying a penalty or when they cannot respond to a number card."

>   This can occur at the start of a round or while paying a penalty.

Reviewer 3: The Wikipedia quote is a lot simpler:
> When a single player has all of the cards in the deck in their stack, they have won.

>   This can occur at the start of a round or while paying a penalty.

Author: The problem is that it doesn't explain how all the cards end up in the player's deck.

For example, the situation changes depending on the type of the player's last card.
If it is a payment card, the player still has hope.
If it is a number card, the player is doomed.

When a player runs out of cards while paying a penalty, the game ends, and I don't think this should be changed.

We need to figure out how to handle playing number cards and when a penalty is paid perfectly, when the cards run out.
Once we have clarified these things, we will implement the tests.

- The game **enters a loop** as soon as decks identical to previous ones are played during the game, **not** counting number cards!

## Examples

> A small example of a match that ends:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A small example of a match that ends.
```

Consistent with below.

```text
Player A: "2A78Q10"
Player B: "3456K9J"
Pile: 2 → 3 → A → 4 → 5 → 6 → K → 7 → 8 → Q → 9 → J → 10
(status: "finished", cards: 13, tricks: 1)
```

> 

Author: > Aside from round 1 and round 2 being the same round, shouldn't player B collect the pile, start a new round and play a card?

With the current implementation, no.

> 

Reviewer 3: It's been updated. If you need to play a card and cannot (while paying a penalty or at the start of your turn), the other player collects the middle pile (a trick).

If the one player is holding the entire deck, the game then ends.

Does that seem more consistent?

This is a small example of a match that loops.

```text
Player A: "J23"
Player B: "4J5"
Pile: J → 4
(cards: 2, tricks: 1)

Player A: "23J4"
Player B: "J5"
Pile: 2 → J → 3
(cards: 5, tricks: 2)

Player A: "J4"
Player B: "52J3"
Pile: 5 → J → 2
(cards: 8, tricks: 3)

Player A: "45J2"
Player B: "J3"
Payment card configuration already viewed!
(status: "loop", cards: 8, tricks: 3)
```

## Your Task

- Parse the two players' decks from the input.
- Simulate the game following the rules above.
- Determine the following information regarding the game:

>   - `status`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
>   - `cards`: total number of cards played throughout the game
>   - `tricks`: number of times the central pile was collected

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `status`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
  - `cards`: total number of cards played throughout the game
  - `tricks`: number of times the central pile was collected
```

Should those headers be inline code?

Author: If it does not bother you to read it, I would leave it like that

Reviewer 3: Typically inline code quotes are used to highlight something you'd find/write in your code: exact strings, exact values, keywords, etc. These three terms may potentially never show up (or, are not required to appear) in solutions in many tracks. Hence my suggestion to remove them. But I don't think it's a big deal to leave them, either.

Reviewer 2: Markdown is semantic.  If you are waiting to style the words being defined, consider emphasis, rather than code.

For me, if I see this in plain text, I presume it is meant to be code, as it is a code mark.  Rendering on the web, well, that is a different thing, but the front end developers would be expected to take the hints, since HTML is semantic as well.

- A **trick** can occur in several ways:
  - When a player finishes paying their penalty → the game continues
  - When a player runs out of cards while paying a penalty → the game ends
  - When a player can no longer place a card in the central pile → the game ends
- The game **ends** when one player can no longer respond by playing a card, in general.
- The game **enters a loop** as soon as decks identical to previous ones are played during the game, **not** counting number cards!

## Examples

A small example of a match that ends:

```text
Player A: "2A78Q10"
Player B: "3456K9J"
Pile: 2 → 3 → A → 4 → 5 → 6 → K → 7 → 8 → Q → 9 → J → 10
(status: "finished", cards: 13, tricks: 1)
```

A small example of a match that goes into a loop:

```text
Player A: "J23"
Player B: "4J5"
Pile: J → 4
(cards: 2, tricks: 1)

Player A: "23J4"
Player B: "J5"
Pile: 2 → J → 3
(cards: 5, tricks: 2)

Player A: "J4"
Player B: "52J3"
Pile: 5 → J → 2
(cards: 8, tricks: 3)

Player A: "45J2"
Player B: "J3"
Payment card configuration already viewed!
(status: "loop", cards: 8, tricks: 3)
```

~~~~exercism/caution

> When players are at the beginning of one of the rounds and have not yet played a payment card, if one of them runs out of cards, the opposing player must play another card before collecting the cards from the central pile and completing the trick.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note, if the first player is out of cards at the start of the round, the second player must still take their turn before collecting the cards from the central pile and completing the trick.
```

Author: Do we understand that they must have at least played 1 card each and that they must not have played a payment card?  
For example, with ‘--’ and ‘--’ player B wins and they play all 4 cards and do not stop at 3 because player A runs out of cards. 
This only applies in this case, because if one of them runs out of cards while paying then the game 
ends immediately, even if he pays perfectly and runs out of cards. 
The tests for now follow these rules. If not, the tests must be modified considering that when a player pays perfectly and runs out of cards, a new round must be started with one of them without cards. 
The doubt had already occurred to me about this possibility. 
We have to decide how to consider the various possibilities of a game ending.

Author: If the note I added can only create more confusion, then let's just remove it. I thought it might improve understanding of the rules.

Reviewer 3: That note makes me think I might not understand the rules 😂

Author: OK, I'll remove it then

~~~~

## Your Task

- Parse the two players' decks from the input.
- Simulate the game following the rules above.
- Determine the following information regarding the game:

>   - `"status"`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
>   - `"cards"`: total number of cards played throughout the game
>   - `"tricks"`: number of times the central pile was collected

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `status`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
  - `cards`: total number of cards played throughout the game
  - `tricks`: number of times the central pile was collected
```

# Instructions

> In this exercise, you will simulate the classic card game **Camicia**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this exercise, you will simulate a game very similar to the classic card game **Camicia**.
```

# Instructions

In this exercise, you will simulate a game very similar to the classic card game **Camicia**.
Your program will receive the initial configuration of two players' decks and must simulate the game until it ends (or detect that it will never end).

## Rules

- The deck is split between **two players**.
  The player's cards are read from left to right, where the leftmost card is the top of the deck.

> - A round consists of both players playing at least one card/turn.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A round consists of both players playing at least one card.
```

If the round begins with `"K", "5"`, player A plays K, player B pays 5 and player B never gets a "turn".

> - A round consists of both players playing at least one card/turn.
> - Players take a turn by placing the **top card** of their deck onto a central pile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A round consists of both players playing at least one card/turn.
- Players take turns placing the **top card** of their deck onto a central pile.
```

- If the card is a **number card** (2-10), play simply passes to the other player.
- If the card is a **payment card**, a penalty must be paid:

>   - `J` → opponent must pay 1 card
>   - `Q` → opponent must pay 2 cards
>   - `K` → opponent must pay 3 cards
>   - `A` → opponent must pay 4 cards

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - J → opponent must pay 1 card
  - Q → opponent must pay 2 cards
  - K → opponent must pay 3 cards
  - A → opponent must pay 4 cards
```

Reviewer 3: These could be bold or italicized but codeblocks should be reserves for code and/or data.

- If the player paying a penalty reveals another payment card, that player stops paying the penalty.
  The other player must then pay a penalty based on the new payment card.

> - If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who laid the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If the penalty is fully paid without interruption, the player who placed the **last payment card** collects the central pile and places it at the bottom of their deck.
```

We use "place" earlier. We should try to stick to consistent terms.

  That player then starts the next round.

> - The moment when a player collects cards from the central pile is called a **trick**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If a player runs out of cards and is unable to play a card (either while paying a penalty or when it is their turn), the other player collects the central pile.
- The moment when a player collects cards from the central pile is called a **trick**.
```

The instructions don't mention running out of cards.

> - If a player has all the cards in their possession after a trick, the game **ends**.
> - The game **ends** when one player has all the cards in their deck.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If a player has all the cards in their possession after a trick, the game **ends**.
```

These two lines seem to be saying the say thing. We should drop one or the other.

> - The game **enters a loop** as soon as decks identical to previous ones are played during the game, **not** counting number cards!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The game **enters a loop** as soon as the decks are identical to what they were earlier during the game, **not** counting number cards!
```

## Examples

A small example of a match that ends.

> | Round | Player A     | Player B      | Pile                       | Penalty Due |
> | :---- | :----------- | :------------ | :------------------------- | :---------- |
> | 1     | 2 A 7 8 Q 10 | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J |                            | -           |
> | 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J | 2                          | -           |
> | 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3                        | -           |
> | 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 4 5 6 K 9 J   | 2 3 A                      | Player B: 4 |
> | 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 5 6 K 9 J     | 2 3 A 4                    | Player B: 3 |
> | 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 6 K 9 J       | 2 3 A 4 5                  | Player B: 2 |
> | 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | K 9 J         | 2 3 A 4 5 6                | Player B: 1 |
> | 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K              | Player A: 3 |
> | 1     | 8 Q 10       | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7            | Player A: 2 |
> | 1     | Q 10         | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8          | Player A: 1 |
> | 1     | 10           | 9 J           | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q        | Player B: 2 |
> | 1     | 10           | J             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9      | Player B: 1 |
> | 1     | 10           | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J    | Player A: 1 |
> | 1     | -            | -             | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J 10 | -           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Round | Player A     | Player B                   | Pile                       | Penalty Due |
| :---- | :----------- | :------------------------- | :------------------------- | :---------- |
| 1     | 2 A 7 8 Q 10 | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J              |                            | -           |
| 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 3 4 5 6 K 9 J              | 2                          | -           |
| 1     | A 7 8 Q 10   | 4 5 6 K 9 J                | 2 3                        | -           |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 4 5 6 K 9 J                | 2 3 A                      | Player B: 4 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 5 6 K 9 J                  | 2 3 A 4                    | Player B: 3 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 6 K 9 J                    | 2 3 A 4 5                  | Player B: 2 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | K 9 J                      | 2 3 A 4 5 6                | Player B: 1 |
| 1     | 7 8 Q 10     | 9 J                        | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K              | Player A: 3 |
| 1     | 8 Q 10       | 9 J                        | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7            | Player A: 2 |
| 1     | Q 10         | 9 J                        | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8          | Player A: 1 |
| 1     | 10           | 9 J                        | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q        | Player B: 2 |
| 1     | 10           | J                          | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9      | Player B: 1 |
| 1     | 10           | -                          | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J    | Player A: 1 |
| 1     | -            | -                          | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J 10 | -           |
| 2     | -            | 2 3 A 4 5 6 K 7 8 Q 9 J 10 | -                          | -           |
```

Should the end state.

status: "finished", cards: 13, tricks: 1

This is a small example of a match that loops.

| Round | Player A | Player B | Pile  | Penalty Due |
| :---- | :------- | :------- | :---- | :---------- |
| 1     | J 2 3    | 4 J 5    | -     | -           |
| 1     | 2 3      | 4 J 5    | J     | Player B: 1 |
| 1     | 2 3      | J 5      | J 4   | -           |
| 2     | 2 3 J 4  | J 5      | -     | -           |
| 2     | 3 J 4    | J 5      | 2     | -           |
| 2     | 3 J 4    | 5        | 2 J   | Player A: 1 |
| 2     | J 4      | 5        | 2 J 3 | -           |
| 3     | J 4      | 5 2 J 3  | -     | -           |
| 3     | J 4      | 2 J 3    | 5     | -           |
| 3     | 4        | 2 J 3    | 5 J   | Player B: 1 |
| 3     | 4        | J 3      | 5 J 2 | -           |
| 4     | 4 5 J 2  | J 3      | -     | -           |

The start of round 4 matches the start of round 2.

status: "loop", cards: 8, tricks: 3

## Your Task

> - Parse the two players' decks from the input.
> - Simulate the game following the rules above.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Using the input, simulate the game following the rules above.
```

- Determine the following information regarding the game:

>   - `status`: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
>   - `cards`: total number of cards played throughout the game
>   - `tricks`: number of times the central pile was collected

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Status**: `"finished"` or `"loop"`
  - **Cards**: total number of cards played throughout the game
  - **Tricks**: number of times the central pile was collected
```
